tests.md, before:

Customer will be asked how many pizzas of each size they want
A button will then create the objects as needed, then display all of the buttons for the different toppings
Each time the button is pressed it will add it to the list of toppings which will be displayed on the side
After finishing the pizza the user clicks next pizza, which saves the pizza and calculates its price
Upon finishing all pizzas a final price is calculated

pizzas will need size, sauces, cheeses, toppings, garnishes, and price attributes
price calculation will be handled by a method since it only ever needs to be run on the pizza object
a main function will add all of the event listeners for the various buttons
a secondary function will actually add it to the relevant pizza

large pizza costs 12 dollars, medium 10, and personal 6. 
First sauce is free, after that its .50 cents per
First two cheeses are free, after that its .25 cents per
First three toppings are free, after that its a dollar per
all garnishes are free 

Testing: Main
Test: Entering in the number of desired pizzas should print out the amount of pizzas ordered in the console
Result: Test passed

Test: After hitting submit, the header will change to "Welcome to the Mountain Top Pizza Palace Digital Makeline"
Result: Test passed

Testing: Toggler
Test: After clicking submit, the submit button will hide itself, then reveal a button that says read sauce
Result:

Commit message:

Toggling of multiple HTML elements at once is now functional

tests.md, after:

Customer will be asked how many pizzas of each size they want
A button will then create the objects as needed, then display all of the buttons for the different toppings
Each time the button is pressed it will add it to the list of toppings which will be displayed on the side
After finishing the pizza the user clicks next pizza, which saves the pizza and calculates its price
Upon finishing all pizzas a final price is calculated

pizzas will need size, sauces, cheeses, toppings, garnishes, and price attributes
price calculation will be handled by a method since it only ever needs to be run on the pizza object
a main function will add all of the event listeners for the various buttons
a secondary function will actually add it to the relevant pizza

large pizza costs 12 dollars, medium 10, and personal 6. 
First sauce is free, after that its .50 cents per
First two cheeses are free, after that its .25 cents per
First three toppings are free, after that its a dollar per
all garnishes are free 

Testing: Main
Test: Entering in the number of desired pizzas should print out the amount of pizzas ordered in the console
Result: Test passed

Test: After hitting submit, the header will change to "Welcome to the Mountain Top Pizza Palace Digital Makeline"
Result: Test passed

Testing: Toggler
Test: After clicking submit, the submit button will hide itself, then reveal a button that says read sauce
Result: It took several attempts, but after making a modified version of my toggler function, I was able to make it so that I can toggle multiple elements within the html at once.
